Document new :l behaviour (#1061)
idris-lang/Idris2: CHANGELOG.md

REPL/IDE mode changes:

* Added `:search` command, which searches for functions by type

> * `:load`/`:l` command now only accepts paths surrounded by double quotes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `:load`/`:l` and `:cd` commands now only accept paths surrounded by double quotes
```
